doc: add a section about capturing headers and query parameters (#347)
signalfx/splunk-otel-js: docs/http-headers-to-span-attributes.md

> > The official Splunk documentation for this page is [Instrument a Node application automatically](https://docs.splunk.com/Observability/gdi/get-data-in/application/nodejs/instrumentation/instrument-nodejs-application.html). For instructions on how to contribute to the docs, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING.md#documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Let's remove for now, we don't have (yet) an equivalent.

> > The official Splunk documentation for this page is [Instrument a Node application automatically](https://docs.splunk.com/Observability/gdi/get-data-in/application/nodejs/instrumentation/instrument-nodejs-application.html). For instructions on how to contribute to the docs, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING.md#documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's remove for now, we don't have (yet) an equivalent.

> # Converting HTTP headers to span attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Convert HTTP headers to span attributes
```

> Specify a list of header names (case insensitive) to capture as span attributes. Headers will be converted to span attributes in the form of `http.response.header.header_name` or `http.request.header.header_name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To capture HTTP header names as span attributes, you must specify a list of header name. Headers are case insensitive and are converted to span attributes in the form `http.response.header.header_name` or `http.request.header.header_name`, depending on the type of request. 

The following example shows how to capture several HTTP headers for requests and responses, both client and server-side:
```

> Specify a list of header names (case insensitive) to capture as span attributes. Headers will be converted to span attributes in the form of `http.response.header.header_name` or `http.request.header.header_name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To capture HTTP header names as span attributes, you must specify a list of header name. Headers are case insensitive and are converted to span attributes in the form `http.response.header.header_name` or `http.request.header.header_name`, depending on the type of request. 

The following example shows how to capture several HTTP headers for requests and responses, both client and server-side:
```

```js
const { startTracing } = require('@splunk/otel');
const { getInstrumentations } = require('@splunk/otel/lib/instrumentations');

startTracing({
	instrumentations: [
		...getInstrumentations()
		new HttpInstrumentation({
			headersToSpanAttributes: {
				// Server side capturing, e.g. express
				server: {
					// Outgoing response headers
					responseHeaders: ['content-type'],
					// Incoming request headers
					requestHeaders: ['accept-language']
				},
				// Client side capturing, e.g. node-fetch, got
				client: {
					// Incoming response headers
					responseHeaders: ['server-timing'],
					// Outgoing request headers
					requestHeaders: ['accept-encoding']
				}
			}
		}),
	]
});
```

> # Converting HTTP request parameters to span attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Convert HTTP request parameters to span attributes
```

> Specify a list of query parameters (case sensitive) to capture as span attributes on the server side. Query parameters will be converted to span attributes in the form of `http.request.param.key`. To avoid attribute namespacing issues, `.` characters in keys are converted to `_`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To capture query parameters as span attributes, you must specify a list of query parameters. Query parameters are case sensitive and are converted to span attributes in the form `http.request.param.key`. To avoid name spacing issues in the resulting span attributes, `.` characters in keys are converted to `_`.

The following example shows how to capture a query parameter named `sortBy`:
```

> Specify a list of query parameters (case sensitive) to capture as span attributes on the server side. Query parameters will be converted to span attributes in the form of `http.request.param.key`. To avoid attribute namespacing issues, `.` characters in keys are converted to `_`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To capture query parameters as span attributes, you must specify a list of query parameters. Query parameters are case sensitive and are converted to span attributes in the form `http.request.param.key`. To avoid name spacing issues in the resulting span attributes, `.` characters in keys are converted to `_`.

The following example shows how to capture a query parameter named `sortBy`:
```
